---
description: >-
  Learn more about the terms of use before using the AI functionalities offered
  by Digibee.
---

# Terms of use for AI functionalities

## About this document

This document outlines the various AI-based features that Digibee offers in its products and services. The AI functionalities described below include both current and future capabilities. Digibee utilizes various solutions to train AI models, from proprietary models to third-party LLMs such as OpenAI. OpenAI does not use data submitted to and generated by its API to train OpenAI models or improve OpenAI’s service offering. To learn more about how OpenAI uses data to improve model performance, read this article: [How your data is used to improve model performance](https://help.openai.com/en/articles/5722486-how-your-data-is-used-to-improve-model-performance).

Since all functionalities are based on probability calculations, we cannot guarantee precise answers, although we strive for accuracy. All actions taken by the user based on the suggestions of our model are at the user's own discretion and responsibility. All data used to train the models created by Digibee or provided by third-parties sub-processors is anonymized to protect the privacy of users and companies.

See below how AI functionalities process data and train AI models.

### AI Assistant

The AI Assistant at Digibee was developed to improve the user experience by providing real-time answers to questions about the content of our extensive documentation portal. Additional content, such as the Digibee Academy learning materials, may be added to this feature in the future.

The AI Assistant uses the [Digibee documentation portal](https://docs.digibee.com/documentation/), which is already available online, as its primary knowledge base. Upon a user query, the AI Assistant retrieves information from our knowledge base through similarity searches and relies on OpenAI models to generate a final answer to the user. In this case, all data inputs are provided by the user, which is determined by the client's contract manager, and the output may provide unexpected results. We rely on user queries to improve current or future functionalities, including the content available in our knowledge base.

The AI Assistant is already available for all users and realms.

### Integration importing tools

Digibee offers import tools that convert various formats from different vendors into formats readable by Digibee. The MuleSoft Translator tool enables the seamless conversion of XML integration code from MuleSoft into a translated JSON file for running integrations in the Digibee Integration Platform. This tool currently supports translation for the most commonly used connectors in MuleSoft.

For translators, we currently rely on processes that combine proprietary and third-party models, in this case those from OpenAI. All data input is done by the user, designated by the client's contract manager or Digibee employees, acting on behalf of the client with their full awareness and consent.

The integration importing tools are currently in alpha phase and are only available internally.

### AI Generator for Pipeline Documentation

Digibee's AI Generator for Pipeline Documentation streamlines the process of creating comprehensive documentation for integration pipelines generated by AI. It analyzes the pipeline's configuration fields, data mappings, transformations, components, and connections to create detailed documentation. This documentation describes the integration process, the data transfers, the logic applied and the dependencies, and includes illustrative diagrams. This AI functionality significantly reduces the time and effort required to create and maintain documentation and helps with troubleshooting, collaboration, and compliance.

For this functionality, we rely on processes that combine proprietary and OpenAI models. In this case, the pipeline data (flowSpec) is used as input data that is processed by our models. The request is triggered by the user, designated by the client's contract manager or by Digibee employees, acting on behalf of the client with their full awareness and consent.

The AI Generator for Pipeline Documentation is available to all customers who have contracted Digibee after November 27, 2023. If the customer does not want this feature, they should submit a request in our support channel to deactivate the feature. Clients with contracts signed before November 27, 2023 should submit a request through support to activate the feature.

If you would like to learn more about the AI Generator for Pipeline Documentation, read our article [Pipeline documentation with AI](../build/pipelines/pipeline-documentation-with-ai.md).

### Future AI capabilities

As AI technology evolves, Digibee plans to introduce more advanced AI capabilities. Our AI-powered canvas will be able to suggest components, flows, subflows, transformation methods, and logic based on the data sources and endpoints selected by the user. The AI capabilities could also identify potential bottlenecks in the workflow and make suggestions for performance optimization. It will also be able to receive instructions from the user in natural language to design and modify pipelines. For these functionalities, we only use proprietary models and ensure that there is no contact with external sub-processors that are specifically responsible for providing AI capabilities.
